Notes about certain EBDX Features:

Ace: 
Pokemon to be sent out last (numbered 1-6)


BattleIntro:
rainbowIntro - Use for maybe a legendary or 2 that fit it but maybe not. This is the default intro

evilTeam - Team Rocket by default. Use a "Z" for Team Russia

teamSkull - Black, just team skull intro. Would need to replace logo

minorLegendary - Splits screen in half horizontally and sections go to to top left and top right. Kinda lame tbh.

bwLegendary - Same as minorLegendary

bwLegendary2 - A few Pokeballs go accross the screen horizontally and cover it in black for transition. One of the default intros.

BattleVS:
trainerSM - Rainbow type intro because Sun/Moon with the Trainer's photo. Should probably be default.

specialSM - Use for special trainers to make them stand out more than normal trainers from trainerSM

eliteSM - Dark blue / purple background (like for ghost type E4). Will use if can change color or use for Spirit Pokemon (maybe?)

crazySM - For sure crazy, colors swirling around (think space or toned down LSD) with dark backdrop. No clue where to use

ultraSM - Multi color background with shatter effect at end. Definitely for use in Ultra Space

spaceSM - Dark background followed by reveal of stars (mostly just dots) could work for Cyrus / Space theme fights

crystalSM - Starts out with Black Crystalized look and changes color to dark blue/purple. Would be good for a crystal cave I dont have.

digitalSM - Digital color is green, with squares as decor, starts out Dark. Would work good with Pokemon Uranium, idk where to use here

goldSM - Gold vortex looking thing swirling around with gold quarks coming from trainer sprite (center) towards end. Very versitile to color changing probably

forestSM - Actually pretty bright intro, uses leaves around outside with bright circle light (probably representing sun) in center. Not good for Dark Forest areas probably unless light is involved (so maybe Celebi or maybe just change color values) 

plasmaSM - The team plasma boos battle intro (with the lightning and ball of light on right) used for N except trainer picture in different place (still works). Not really team plasma specific since no logo but could make a BattleIntro with that

wavesSM - Starts not great but ends up good with bubbles and stuff. Use for Fishermen and Swimmers (other water trainers too but not gym leaders)

flamesSM - Not very inspiring, green background in front of the animated flames that needs to be changed. Nothing really on top or bottom as flames is kind of a strip through the center. Probably won't use unlessI can add something else and change the green.

classicVS - Black barks on top and bottom with "VS" letters in middle and a bar in middle for sprite. Note that the SM picture does not work with this intro.

integratedVS - Shows "VS" letters in battle but they go through the health bar so it looks pretty bad. Do not use.

minorTrainer - After battle scene loads a green "bar" (covers almost whole scene) rushes through (like an action thing). Probably wont use.


BattleEnv:
Default works for most routes (As in no change to PBS)

FOREST - Use for Kapok Town and Yuki Forest

NET - Designed for online battles. Blue/Green futuristic look as expected for online stuff. Might be able to use in Battle Collosseum or other tourney type thing

STAGE - Red, Blue, and Yellow ground lights rotate around Pokemon, spotlights in background from above. Good for use in Battle Collosseum

MOUNTAIN - Dirt ground, green trees behind, gray mountains in backdrop behind that. Better to use when very close to a mountain rather than on it.

MOUNTAINLAKE - Use for water battles in MOUNTAIN terrain

CHAMPION - Orange clay looking pillars (reminds of BW champion arena) has spectator shadows

DIMENSION - Blue alternate dimension looking thing. Made for ultra space probably. Might use for legendary fights or something idk (Maybe Dialga or Cyrus type thing)

SNOW - MOUNTAIN but snowy. Use on route 12

SKY - Use for Avian Expert battles or any battles that take place in Sky. Really good for theme but non-flying sprites might look weird

MAGMA - Fire like smoke going across bottom of field, general near volcano vibe. Better for outside of volcano but could be used inside maybe.

DARKNESS - Purple/ dark blue looking thing. Almost like space or Ultra Space area without stars/decor. Think like Giratina battle or something.

DISCO - Spectator shadows with moving strobe lights and changing background colors. Might be good for collosseum final (would work well with Freedom Dive)

WATER - Use for battles with swimmers or other battles while surfing

UNDERWATER - Use for underwater battles 4head

CAVE - Use for caves that are brown

INDOOR - Do not use

OUTDOOR - Basic Outdoor map with trees and stuff. Good for routes.