1. Looker / Normal: Basic type gym for first leader but trainers are not skippable, says hes "renovating"
			
2. Mary / Rock: Strength boulder puzzle (move boulders onto switches but the room has a maze of rocks so its harder to navigate). Get told the boulders are actually fake boulders so strength isn't needed. Once all switches are pressed a door unlocks and you can battle the gym leader. Once the puzzle is completed once it does not need to be done again.	

3. Herbia / Grass: Indoor greenery area with trees and grass (not wild Pokemon grass just normal grass). Need to find trainers to get enough hints about what the "mystery Pokemon" is. Once it is known you can go to the final trainer and they will provide you a list of choices to choose from, guess correctly and you have to battle that trainer before accessing the gym leader, guess incorrectly and you cannot guess again until another trainer is battled (unless all trainers have been battled already).			

4. Toyotomi / Fighting: Simple traditional dojo style building, need to fight trainers in succession before unlocking gym leader (can leave after beating all trainers). Get 1 full party heal during the trainer fights (total)

5. Winston / Ghost: Upon entering gym a small tutorial is given. There are 4 dings (sound effects or mini effects or something) that represent the 4 different directions you can move. The gym appears to be just a blank open room, but when you decide to step into it the lights will go out and the dings will play. After the dings finish you need to move in the proper directions based on the order of the dings. Getting it right lets you move onto the next round, getting it wrong requries a trainer battle and restart the puzzle. If you are playing without sound a hint (the answer) is available in the city, so go talk to NPCs around town (the largest city in the game btw have fun). Once you reach the gym leader the puzzle no longer needs to be played and all trainers that have not been battled are able to be battled in a back room as an option. Once the puzzle is completed once it does not need to be done again.

6. Walter / Electric: Math / Programming questions. Getting a question right lets you choose a trainer to battle between two trainers that have their parties revealed. Getting it wrong leads to a double battle between the trainers with their parties not revealed. Once you get the question right and beat the chosen trainer you can choose to battle the other trainer at any given time. 			

7. Summer / Water: Gym split into different islands and collect an item of some sort on each island and after battling trainers (for now lets say wood). For every one wood you can make a bridge of length 1 in the direction you are facing (assuming you are facing water). Get extra wood by rebattling trainers, and trainers will give more wood for the first battle. You cannot surf on the water in this gym. After the gym leader is reached you can talk to trainers for wood. An NPC will be next to the gym leader to heal your Pokemon before the fight for convenience.
   		
8. Danny / Ice: Celeste inspired, takes place over black void (falling in takes you to start of gym or checkpoint if they exist). Given an item that acts as a dash (key item, can register, removed from bag upon leaving gym) that simply launches the player forward some amount of tiles (undecided). Dashing on arrow tiles launches you farther (unless looking the wrong way in which case its shorter). Also ice sliding "puzzles" or platforms. Maybe use events to simulate tiles being visible/invisible to emulate moving platforms.		

9. Alder / Fire: Given an item to surf on lava to navigate islands of rock in the lava but it only lasts for a certain number of steps before it stalls. If it stalls display message along the lines of "Gym staff rescued you" and put player to checkpoint or start of gym. Item is taken from you if you leave the gym.		

10. Silver / Dark: Omori Themed (brainstorm later - Easter egg if character is named Omori)